:memo: Forbid 100% vibecoded PRs in contributing guidelines (#1418)
link-society/flowg: CONTRIBUTING.md

They will be rendered by Github, giving a nice visual indicator of the kind of
change you are submitting, and yet will still be easily "greppable".

### Use of AI

While the use of AI to help write code, documentation and tests is not
prohibited per-se, low-effort Pull Requests that are 100% vibecoded and do not
even follow those contributing guidelines will be rejected without discussion.

AI is a tool to help the developper write code and navigate a large codebase, it
is not meant to replace human thought and reasoning. If no human can understand

> or explain the code, then no human can debug it. It's a can of worm we are not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AI is a tool to help the developer write code and navigate a large codebase, it
is not meant to replace human thought and reasoning. If no human can understand
or explain the code, then no human can debug it. It's a can of worms we are not
```
